Initial goal: to display Covid-19 data for roughly a year (2020-2021) with some separation by month
What I completed: a display of Covid-19 data through a CSV and by month, with a zoom feature and instructions.

Going into the project I was unsure of what I wanted my 'topic' of data to be and I also had difficulty finding a csv that worked. Eventually, I settled on using Covid-19 data (set in Pennsylvania) because it is a large topic in the present. I wanted to display the data in a way that was almost a combination of my previous two weather projects -- using the by-month separation from R7 and the incline and decline display from R8. I had a difficult time getting the CSV to work-- a lot of the data columns were missing as well as some rows, the dates were skewed incorectly formatted, and the labels were unclear. So, in an effor to fix the issues I moved the data column by column(only the working ones) to a google sheet, published that to the web, copied the link and used it in my code. Prior to figuring out that the issue was in my data table, I had tried other methods of debugging by console logging and moving things arounds,as well as taking it apart piece by piece but ultimately I had to meet with Mr. Oswald to clear up some of the line construction for what I wanted to do. That help + my fixing of the data allowed me to move relatively smoothly along for the rest of the project. If I had more time I might clean up the look of the code a little but overall it accomplished what I intended. The data is being compared to each other and its increases, decreases, and relative ranges are shown in the window. 